In this video we'll learn a little bit about getting your VM Ware certification.
Now you're here to learn about the topics related to the Vee's fear six top five foundations exam and
here receive more certification home page.
And if we browse to data center virtualization here you can see the requirements to get a certification
and data center virtualization.
And so what we're primarily concerned with here is things above the associate level.
You can get the VM or certified associate as well.
That's kind of an entry level certification but if you're taking the Wiis for 6.5 foundation exam you're
probably looking to achieve a professional level certification.
So let's focus on that.
The VCP 6.5 data center virtualization.
And if we take a look at the requirements here if you're new to where data center virtualization if
you don't have any existing certifications you have to number one attend to one of their required training
courses.
Now there are a couple of ways around that that I'll talk about in a little while but if you're brand
new to VM or certification you have to attend one of their classes and official the where of course.
And then you have to pass the vees first 6.5 Foundation's exam and that if you want to move on from
there you have to pass the VCP exam as well.
Now if you have already had training from V.M. where you don't need to take another class as long as
it's been for 6.00 training and if you already have a current valid VCP 5 or VCP 6 You don't even need
the foundation's exam.
Now that being said there are some ways around this if you want to get your VCP sex in a different track
like network virtualization there are some little ways that you can go around the requirement to attend
an official V.M. or class.
So here we see the network virtualization track and let's just take a quick look at the VCP 6 dash and
exam and you can see for that particular exam if you're going for a network virtualization you have
to pass the Vee's for six foundations exam.
And of course the VCP exam as well.
But if you already have a CNA you don't actually need to attend an official Villamor class.
So there are a couple of ways around that official course requirement.
So let's take a look at the first six five foundations exam.
Here we see some information on the exam itself.
It's 105 minutes long with 70 questions and the price for the exam is one hundred twenty five dollars
and you can simply click on the link to schedule an exam.
That's not really what I want to look at here.
We want to look at the exam guide.
So this is going to break down exactly what you can expect to see on the certification test.
And I'll tell you about the exam and I'll tell you about what you need to know in order to pass the
exam as well.
And here we can see all of those exam objectives you'll find all of this content is covered in the first
five foundations part 1 and Part 2 courses.
So once you've completed those courses and you're ready to move on to the Wii's fair 6.5 foundations
exam I would recommend completing a practice test.
So here you can see a sample of the first five foundations practice exam that I've published on you
to me.
I would suggest going through this.
There's 120 questions and they're very closely aligned to what you can expect to see on the VM or certification
test.
So I'm just going to choose a couple random answers here in hand next.
And you can see it's going to just take you through all of these questions.
And if we skip all of the way to the end.
When you complete the exam you'll have the opportunity to review the questions that you got wrong many
of which are accompanied by an explanation and links to external resources.
So the exams are really going to help you solidify that knowledge.
So if you want to take these you can reach out to me for a promo code or you can just go to you to me
and search for research 6.5 foundations practice test and you'll find it.
And finally I just want to make sure that everybody is aware that when you go ahead and try to passivist
for 6.5 foundations exam there are two parts to this course and part 1 and Part Two as well as the practice
tests that I just mentioned.
So you should complete part one complete part two.
Go ahead and complete the practice test.
And then another great step would be to complete some hands on laps and you can find a lot of great
free hands on labs and Shoval that VM where dot com if we click on the launch button here you can see
some of the free labs that are available.
Things like V.M. or Cloud Foundation or build your own software defined datacenter and you can see here
all of the counts of different types of labs that are available for all of these different VM Ware products.
If you're focused on VSE for you want to go to software defined data centers and here you can see all
kinds of topics related to V.M. whereas vizir and one of the good ones you might want to start with
is introduction of Vee's fair and what's new.
These first six out five What's new.
These are some great hands on labs that will definitely help you build that knowledge that you need
in order to pass the exam.
So I strongly recommend completing a few of these hands on labs as well just to help you get some real
hands on experience to go with all of the courses that you've just completed.